no you reached the prices family phone
if you'd like to leave a message for
Adam career Thomas alright you can do so
after the beep you didn't have to say
with you know doing know you she told me
she was pregnant and then she lost the
baby she made it up she was never
pregnant
did you faked your pregnancy I need you
to tell me the truth
Corinne Adam this isn't what you think
there's more to this where's mom
I don't know how can you not know where
she what do you I know you two been
having issues for a while what do you
know something that I don't
where's a shoe Oh
get an ambulance or call for backup
we've reason to believe that your wife
was at the scene of a murder this
doesn't make any sense this stranger
turns up all mysterious and drops bombs
on people's and then just gone is this
some kind of joke please don't tell Dad
this stops now what is it with you and
your mother sticking your noses into our
business now you know she's a liar
nobody wants this to be happening how's
that lovely wife feels I think we're
done here she had to be stopped
sighs is some kind of a trick
just wanna fired up you have a secret
you
[Music]